When the abortion came out, it was when Obregón was
deposed from the government and the persecution
against us began. So I, Rolando, went to Cuba. Yes.
And I stayed in Puebla, publishing my newspaper,
fighting Practically with Morones, right? But
then Morones put all the strength of the Red
Syndicates on me and that's when it all started.
And do you
make visits or holidays in Mexico since you went to
Texas? ¿Cómo? ¿Usted hacía vacaciones en México
en estos años pasados? No, no. Voy y vengo. I have
family, I go, I stay there for a few days, and then I
come back here. But I don't get involved in
politics anymore. I have friends with all of them.
Wherever I go, I have friends, but I don't get
involved anymore. Here, I am a consul. I am an
honorary consul. But with the condition that I
don't get involved anymore. It's a title like all
of those.
All of those. Oh, this. The National University.
Yes. Well, your life was very interesting. Yes,
but in a word, it's very difficult. I have a lot,
but... A pesar de que tengo imprenta, no puedo
hacer mis memorias. Tengo conferencias y
declaraciones y trabajos y todo, sobre todo las
cuestiones de los cursos, que para mí, pues, es un
verdadero... una verdadera satisfacción haber
logrado que México tuviera aquí una
representación como latino.
Bueno, muchísimas gracias para todo. Pues, si
alguna
vez puedo to provide you with a copy of my work. Yes.
You can send it to your address, I don't know where.
Yes. I have several conferences that I have
printed, although I don't have them in print yet,
but I can send you copies of what I have, of the most
important articles. Because it's very difficult
to condense a work that is at least 35 or 40 years
old. It's a series.
But I think
the main works can be used El reconocimiento es.
Ah, ¿quiere para mí leer esto? It's for usted. Sí,
bueno. Muchas gracias. ¿Y esto no? También. Oh,
también. Pues muchas gracias, señor. Muchísimas
gracias.